test(conformance): cover destructured desktop agent methods (#1976)
finos/FDC3: website/docs/api/conformance/Destructured-Methods-Tests.md

---
id: Destructured-Methods-Tests
sidebar_label: Destructured Methods Tests
title: Destructured Methods Tests
hide_title: true
---

# Destructured Methods Tests
<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->

These tests verify that Desktop Agent methods remain callable after they are assigned to local variables through object destructuring.

> - `DestructuredFindIntent` ![2.0+](https://img.shields.io/badge/FDC3-2.0+-blue): Destructure and call `findIntent`, then verify the returned intent and app metadata.

Reviewer: Please change the version flags to 3.0+ throughout as these are new in 3.0

```suggestion
- `DestructuredFindIntent` ![3.0+](https://img.shields.io/badge/FDC3-3.0+-purple): Destructure and call `findIntent`, then verify the returned intent and app metadata.
```
